everything okay I don't like the look of
that they're coming in fast
this is a mask Alabama we are an unarmed
Frager we have two skiffs approaching
with armed intruders potential piracy
situation copy Alabama you should have
let your crew and get you're fine hers
is ready yeah is that it John cesare is
just fishermen they're not hit the fish
pick a horse it is not I drilled of the
rural situated
let him across that Lana walk 30 degrees
listen up
we have been boarded by armed pirates
if they find you remember you know this
ship they don't stick together and we'll
be all right
all you're gonna shoot somebody today
relax everything won't be okay look at
me look at me short I'm the captain now
captain Phillips can you hear me captain
Phillips can you hear me